How can we don't have the same
number of containers and lids?
Why would they ever
get separated?
Built-up resentment,
money issues,
Met a younger lid.
Huh?
Mm-hmm.
Mom, where's
my science homework?
Uh, it's over there
on the table.
So, alex, honey,
what's going on?
Anything exciting?
No.
Any boys?
I'm feeling
a little bit disconnected
From alex right now.
Last week,
I picked up her cellphone
Thinking it was mine,
And I accidentally read
a few flirty text messages
That were probably
from a boy in her class,
Which is fine.
Or they're from a drifter.
Come on,
isn't there something
You want to share
with your mommers?
Yeah.
Don't call yourself "mommers."
He blew his lid
when she tried to contain him.
Okay.
What do you think?
I like it.
But you don't love it.
No, I do. I love it.
As much as you loved the other one? Ooh.
Okay.
Mm.
The house is on fire. I only
have time to grab one shirt.
Which one do I take?
The correct answer
is take lily.
After that.
Uh, okay,
the blue one.
Because the gray one
washes me out.
No, no. Cam, you -
you can't go wrong here.
Everything you've tried on
looks great.
I love you
in both of them.
Oh, you're so nice
to me.
Mihell has a problem with
public displays of affection.
Um, I remember once
at a new year's eve party,
Stroke of midnight,
he high-fived me.
Two problems with that-
One, gays don't high-five.
O, gays don't high-five.
I'm home!
Mmm,
what smells so good?
I'm making chunchullo,
a traditional colombian dish,
For dinner with the family
tonight.
Chunchullo.
What is that-
like, uh, tacos?
Yes, like tacos.
No, it isn't.
It's the small intestine
of a pig. Oh, geez.
Why can't we eat regular food
like normal people?
I told you, jay.
My grandmother,
who rests in peace,
Has been coming to me
in my dreams,
Telling me that
I'm losing touch with my roots.
See, this is awkward,
Because my dead uncle joe
told me to have steak tonight.
No, no, no, jay.
Haome respect.
My grandmother
can hear you.
What do you mean,
she can hear us?
Well, in our culture,
We believe that the dead
are all around us.
She's right, manny.
She could be right here,
Her bony fingers reaching out
from the grave.
Yeah, keep it up, jay.
There's already
one dead person in this room.
You want to make it two?
I'm sorry.
I've got a printer to install.
Oh, gloria,
have your grandmother
Run me up an iced tea
in about 10 minutes.
Yeah, she has a better chance
of making that work than you!
Why don't you save us
the stomping and the swearing
And call phil?
He's good at that stuff.
Better than me?
Phil's not better than me
at anything,
Except maybe making that
stupid sound with his mouth.
* a what, what *
You spit on me.
Haley, honey, um, I need you
to do something for me.
Ugh.
Mom, my arm hurts.
Why don't you find out
what it is
Before you start making up
excuses to get out of it?
okay, what is it?
I need you
to talk to your sister.
I think that there's something
going on with her and a boy.
So?
So, I am your mother,
and it is my job to make sure
That you girls don't
get involved with a predator.
Okay, mom,
stop watching "dateline."
And why can't you
just talk to her?
I have tried
to talk to her.
I- she won't talk to me.
You know that.
That's because you get so weird
every time a boy comes near us.
I- I just don't want
you girls to-
To make the same
mistakes that you did? No!
No.
Mom, I'm not an idiot.
I pick up on things.
And I don't think
that you were the good girl
You pretend you were.
Wow.
That is so untrue.
I was a very good girl.
Mm.
Your kids don't need to know
who you were before you had them.
They need to know
who you wish you were,
And they need to try
to live up to that person.
They're gonna fall short,
But better they fall short
of the fake you
Than the real you.
Which is why
we don't hide anything.
That's the opposite
of what I just said.
I was not listening.
Ohh.
I'll say it again-
I love you in paisley.
Oh, let me lock the door
and draw the curtains.
What does that mean?
It doesn't mean anything.
Good.
You know
exactly what it means.
You won't kiss me
in front of other people
Because you're ashamed
of who you are.
And, yes...I went there.
Okay, you can't say,
"yes, I went there,"
When you go there
all the time.
And, by the way, I'm the one
who makes speeches on airplanes
Every time someone
looks at us weird.
I'm the one
who gives my dad hell
When he refers to you
as my "friend."
That's different.
That's confrontation.
But you know
what takes real strength?
Whining?
Affection. Oh, this is insane.
Buying a shirt-
it's not a kiss-worthy moment.
Oh, I didn't know
there was an official list.
Please, tell us-
what is on the list?
I'll tell you
what's not on the list-
Finding
jalapeño-stuffed olives,
Making the light on maple,
Every time
we see a v.W.
You don't
like "kiss-buggy"?
It's not a real game!
It- it's just another way
for you to be needy.
I- and I don't appreciate
you making me feel bad
Because I can't live up
to your impossible standards.
Nobody kisses
at a bowling alley!
I almost got a turkey!
"yello"?
Oh, hey, jay. Just a sec.
I'll go get claire.
Oh, actually,
it's you I'm calling.
What was that?
The cat. There's a cat.
What's up?
Well, gloria's been missing
her grandmother.
I've been trying to get
this old picture of her printed,
But I can't get
this new printer to-
I'll be right there.
Luke, grandpa needs us!
Hells yes,
I was glad to get the call.
Jay's always around here
fixing things,
Cracking jokes
about my "delicate hands"
Or my gag response
to the smell of paint.
Look who needs me now-
Mr. Hot-dog fingers
who can't press "print"
Without hitting
three extra keys.
Yeah!
You're in my house now, jay!
T- technically,
we'll be in his house,
But we'll be in my area...
Of his house.
So, I hear
you have a boyfriend.
No, I don't.
Who is he?
I'm not talking to you
about this. Oh, come on.
You're finally interesting.
Just tell me.
He's not my boyfriend.
It's jeremy reed.
It's- he's just this boy
that I-
Love?
No!
Well, have you guys
kissed yet?
No!
Well, what are you
waiting for?
I'm not waiting.
I'm 13.
And you've never
kiss boy?
How old were you?
Like 11.
And it was beautiful.
I was in jackson kaner's
carpeted garage.
11?
Yeah.
So you better get on it,
Or else he's gonna think
you're a lesbian.
He's not going to think
I'm a lesbian.
I thought you were.
You totally have the sandals
for it.
Let's see this bad boy.
Oh, a p-750.
Nice unit.
I would have sprung
for the 840,
But I get it-
Not everyone can handle
that kind of horsepower.
I thought maybe the cordless
phone was interfering,
So I unplugged it.
Good idea.
Maybe we should run downstairs
And unplug the toaster
while we're at it.
oh, snap, dad.
Toaster.
We're kidding.
A cordless phone
is 5.8 gigahertz. This is wi-fi.
It's a totally different
spectrum.
Walk with me?
Here's a little trick that I've
found pretty useful with claire.
* the computer and the printer
must talk, talk, talk *
* "command-p" makes the picture
walk, walk, walk *
How come
it's not working?
It should be.
Okay.
Uh,
that should be printing.
So...
Hey, phil,
I'm gonna get a beer, beer, beer
Before I hit you
in the head, head, head.
Hey.
What are you doing here?
Hi, jeremy.
I want to ask you something.
Sure, ask-
waitdon't talk yet.
We've texting for a while,
and it's been nice,
But I feel like it's leading
to something else,
And I don't know
if you do or not,
But I guess what
I'm trying to say is,
I'm just a girl
standing in front of a boy
Asking for him
to like her.
Oh, god,
that's from "notting hill."
So dorky. But a really
underrated movie.
What's happening?
I'm not a lesbian.
I would like
for you to kiss me.
Oh, I love
watching you stir.
Then I will stop.
What?
Are you still mad at me?
Yes. You have to apologize
for making fun of my culture,
My beliefs, my chunchullo,
my abuela.
I'm sorry.
If you think your grandmother's
here with us,
I respect that.
Now, come here.
Oh, grandma!
Where'd you come from?
We're gonna have to get you
a little bell.
Enough, jay!
My culture
is very important to me!
I've been working all day
to share it
With your family tonight,
and all you do is mock me!
Just go!
Honey, I'm sorry.
I'm just teasing you.
Instead of being the comedian,
why don't you help me?
What do you need?
Slap the chicken.
Do what?
In colombia, when you cook
in honor of the departed,
You have to scare death
away from the food
To protect the people
that are gonna eat it.
Slap it and yell.
That's the nuttiest-
Jay!
Calm down.
Give me the chicken.
Here we go.
Mm-hmm.
That's not
scaring anything away.
When my grather
used to cook,
The whole house
would she.
Aah! Aah! Aah!
Louder.
Aah!
Higher.
Louder!
Higher! Louder! There!
I made all that up.
That is not a real custom
in colombia.
We're not lunatics.
But you mess with us,
and we mess with you.
That's the custom.
Louder!
Hey, honey.
Where'd you go?
Nowhere.
Just for a bike ride.
Oh, my god! Puh-lease tell me
this text is wrong!
Did you really just
go over to that kid's house
And try and kiss him
in front of a million people?!
Alex, did you do that?
You got a text?
Oh, yeah.
Everybody knows.
Do you know how embarrassing
this is for me?!
This is all your fault!
You're the one
who said I had to kiss him
Or I was a lesbian!
Haley!
Did you say that to her?!
Oh, don't turn this on me.
Look at her shoes!
Ugh! I'm never
going back to school now.
No, sweetheart. Yes, you are.
You are going back to school.
But listen to me-
Just because a boy
sends you flirty texts
Doesn't mean that you have to text
him back- what?! You read my texts?!
I...
You read her texts?!
That's why you made me
talk to her?!
You made her talk to me?!
I kind of feel like we're
spinning out here a little bit.
Look, alex,
the important thing here
Is that you have to be very
careful how you behave around boys
Because it is so easy
to get a reputation.
Well, I'm sorry I'm not a perfect
little good girl like you were!
Were you?
Ohh.
Were you?!
I highly doubt it!
Don't be such a chicken.
There's no ghost in here.
I'm telling you,
my mom said
Her dead grander
was in the house.
She said she felt her here
this morning...
In this room.
Maybe your mom's
mentally ill.
who puts a router...
In the attic?
Did she have a limp
and a cane?
Uh-huh.
Ghost of manny's
great-grandma,
If that's really you,
Show yourself!
That's her!
Aah!
Come on!
Why?!
Hi, grandpa.
How we doing, girls?
Mom ruined my life today.
I didn't ruin your life. I
was- don't even talk to me!
I didn't even
want to come here.
Well, okay.
Snacks and and sodas
are in the living room,
But don't fill up-
we've got intestines coming.
Uh, dad, if you're looking
for your shoes,
I think I know
where they are.
This happens to be
a colombian custom-
Walking in the footsteps of
the ancestors, blah, blah, blah.
Beats slapping the chicken.
Here,
I brought you a drink.
Oh, wait a minute-
Sip it first.
I'm not mad at you.
I thought about it,
and maybe you're right.
I can be
a little needy sometimes.
Oh, well,
I- I appreciate that.
And you're probably
not entirely off base.
I mean, lord knows
I- I've got my quirks.
And I-I'm not e most
demonstrative guy around,
But I'm-
I'm woing on it.
And I'm gonna help you with it. Good.
Just don't give up on me.
Never.
Okay, everybody,
let's gather around!
Jay, come here.
Tonight we dine on the
traditional colombian recipes
Of my abuela,
my grandmother.
And even though
she's no longer with me,
I am very happy
because I have all of you.
To ana-maria rosa de la
immaculada jimenez morales.
To ana-maria rosa...
That was beautiful, gloria,
just like my mitchell.
Oh, oh! Whoa!
Aah!
Oh!
Just slipped
right off there.
Ay, cameron,
what happened?
One moment you were there,
the next, only shoes.
I'll tell you
what happened-
Mitchell is embarrassed to kiss
me in front of other people.
No, you ambushed me!
Oh, cam, come on.
Don't take it personally.
When mitchell
was in high school,
He was dating this girl-
robin schier.
He would never kiss her,
either.
That's because I was gay.
What's your excuse now?
Ay, cameron,
it's not mitch's fault.
He gets it
from his father.
Jay doesn't like the lovey-dovey
in public, either.
I can't believe
you're coming at me right now.
I'm standing here with shoes
around my neck,
And for the better part
of a half-hour,
I screamed the death
out of your meat.
Now, what do you want
from me? Don't you see?
It's because of you that your
son cannot kiss his own lover.
Don't say "lover."
we don't like "lover."
Can we just eat?
No. Tell mitch that it's okay
to kiss cam in front of you.
Why is that something
we have to do?
We don't.
Of course we don't.
Oh, I'm sorry that I don't
want to make out with you
In front
of my whole family.
No need to apologize.
Oh, gloria is right.
Dad, you being
so emotionally closed off
Makes it very difficult for
your children to show affection.
Really?
Yes.
You had trouble showing
affection in public places?
Yes!
You?
Yes.
Was that before or after
You were delivered to my door
in a squad car,
Wearing nothing but your
underwear and a police blanket?
Oh, my god. What?
You were arrested?
Awesome!
Not awesome.
And I wasn't
arrested.
Your grandfather
was just telling a joke.
It was just a joke.
I got a million of 'em.
Dad.
I did it!
It's printing!
I had to download new firmware,
install new drivers,
Change your encryption,
and replace an ethernet cable
In a 100-degree attic,
While dodging
particularly aggressive spiders,
But I did it!
Thanks.
Oh. Okay.
I guess that's it.
What? What's it?
Wake up, dummy.
This is what
we're talking about.
This guy's been working like
an imbecile all day for you.
People need something else-
kisses, hugs.
What,
for fixing a printer?
Oh, it's fine.
It was only four hours.
I tipped over a paint can
and threw up a little,
But I think- I think "thanks"
about covers it.
Well, what's wrong
with "thanks"?
It's pretty much
the bare minimum, dad.
Jay, for god's sakes,
just say something.
You want me
to say something?
How about
"you're welcome"?
How about "I'm- I'm so happy
to be here for you all
So I can take the blame
for all your crap."
I don't do this,
I never did that.
Trust me, I gave you twice as
much as my father ever gave me.
The man kissed me
one time in my entire life.
He came up behind me, kissed me
on the back of the head,
Said, "goodnight, becky."
He thought
I was my sister.
Wait a minute.
When was the last time
you kissed mitch?
What does that
have to do with anything?
Mitch, when was the last time
he kissed you?
I- I don't remember.
It wasn't that long ago. I was 12.
12?
This is the problem!
Jay's dad doesn't kiss jay,
So jay doe't kiss mitch,
and mitch is uptight.
Okay, okay, "uptight"
was really not on the table.
This is more about
kissing.
Jay, kiss your son.
He's a mess.
Oh, come on, now.
We don't have to do that.
It's...
Yes, you do.
No.
Come on.
Come on, do it. You're in front
of your grandchildren.
All right, all right!
Shut up!
Mitch,
get over here.
W- what, now?
Well, I feel weird now.
Don't be coy.
What are you waiting for, a box
of chocolates? Let's do this.
Ohh.
That's the sweetest
thing I've ever seen.
All right, and now because I
never want to hear this again-
You.
Ohh.
Not you.
Oh, daddy, I love you.
Let's go eat chunchullo!
You know it's made of
pig intestines, right?
Alex, wait.
What?
I want to talk to you.
Mom, I don't want
another lecture.
It's not a lecture.
I want to tell you something.
Honey, I know
exactly how you're feeling.
No, you don't.
Okay, the- the joke
that grandpa told tonight?
That- that happened.
That...That was true.
So, you were
arrested naked?
I wasn't naked!
And I was not arrested
per se.
I was driven home one night
by the police
Because my boyfriend and I
Had gone swimming
in somebody's pool,
And we didn't have bathing suits
and- blah, blah, blah.
The details
aren't important.
What matters is that everybody
at school was talking about it.
And I thought I would die.
But it passed.
I swear.
And now, honey, I'm-
I'm glad it happened.
I've got a funny story
to tell at dinner parties.
So, how long did it take
before you thought it was funny?
Oh, god...
10, 15 years.
Great.
What do I do about tomorrow?
I don't think
you have to worry about that.
Go, go, go.
In colombia,
we kiss for everything
Because a kiss can mean
so many different things.
There's no ghost in here,
is there?
Not a chance.
Sleep easy, kid.
It can be the start
of something new.
It can be how we say, "this
is the person that I love."
So who's a better kisser,
me or your dad?
Ew.
It can be romantic.
Just so you know,
if my friends weren't there,
I would've said yes.
So,
if you still want to...
If it's okay...
Maybe we should
hang out more first.
This is only the second
conversation we've had
That wasn't by text.
Whew!
It can also
be worth waiting for.
Jay, what is this?
Just another nice thing
I did for you
While you
made a fool of me.
Manny let me in
on your little tricks.
You feel bad now?
No. I feel good.
Mm.
That one
is definitely my favorite.
Phil, you really
don't have to do this.
No. I-I can do it.
I want to do it.
It's silly to pay someone
else just to do something-
Oh!
Oh, no! Oh!
Oh, wait!
No, no, don't spill it!
Sweetie, don't spill that!
Oh!
Oh, that's on me!
Careful! Oh, gosh!
Oh! Okay, get up. You're fine.
Get it off! Okay, I got it. I got it.
Got it off. Got it off.
Oh, the face!
Not the face!
Oh, the face! All
right, I'll pull it down!
Ohh!
You're good!
It's on me. All right, I'm
gonna have to- I'll cut it off.
Good idea.
Get a bucket, please!